There are two options for creating streams in KSQL.
The first option is to simply define
the stream attributes and types with a create statement,
as you see on the screen.
We always start by declaring the name of the stream we wish to declare.
Here, we're using purchases.
Next, in the parentheses,
we declare the attributes or
the columns and the type that we expect for each one of those.
The final portion of the create statement is this width portion.
This provides additional information so the KSQL knows which Kafka topic to source from,
and the value format simply describes
the serialization format of the data in the Kafka topic.
This can be one of Avro, JSON, or delimited.
Delimited basically just means that it's a CSV.
It's also possible to create a stream with a "select"
that excludes or modifies data from another preexisting stream.
So you can see in this example,
we're creating a stream called purchases_high_value by selecting all of
the attributes from our purchases stream but only
where the amount is greater than 100,000.